Unless otherwise stated, all of this is covered by the following BSD style
licence.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright notice for SledjHamr:

Copyright (C) 2011 David Walter Seikel and various contributors (see
AUTHORS)

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright      
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright       
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the      
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF
USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Enlightenment Foundation Libraries are mostly BSD, and copyright by
the various people mentioned in their respective AUTHORS files, except -

Edje's epp - GPL 2.
Eina - GPL 2.1.
Embryo - partly BSD, partly something similar to BSD.

See the various COPYING and AUTHORS files for details.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The MLP scripts used for testing are BSD, Copyright (c) 2006, by Miffy Fluffy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The flex and btyacc source files, plus the C source files that wrap them
in LuaSL, where originally based on flex and bison examples provided on
the Wikipedia page -

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_bison

This is covered by "Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
License".  The attribution portion is covered by the URL above, as per
the Wikipedia Terms of Use.

There is no longer any parts of that code left I think.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The flex and bison source files for the LSL parser are from the SL
viewer under GPL 2 and copyright at some unknown date (due to missing
copyright notice in those specific files) by Linden Research, Inc.

It's likely this will go away, as I'm writing my own, and most of it was
useless to me anyway.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

