FIXES -
Irrlicht is flickering like crazy.

LuaSL grew a couple of bugs when I upgraded to LuaJIT 2.0.1 package.

Finish the basic camera stuff, seems to be a bit glitched right now,
though it worked a few times.

GL viewport aspect ratio should remain stable through resizes.


FEATURES -

Er, all of them I think.  B-)

Make the existing toolbar / tab thingy a bit more tab like, and have the
scroll in effect be position / direction aware.  Combining window title,
menu, top level tabs, and toolbar widgets might be good.  Perhaps auto
spreading across two lines (menu + tools / tabs) on window shrinkage
first before going to the "More.." thing (for both tabs and tools).

Need pie menus!

Generic scrolling text area, with time stamps, clickable URLs (including
internal links to profiles and stuff), logging to file, reading history
from file (both a few dozen lines, or the entire thing).  EFL log
domains should be able to feed into these, with colours, and should be
able to split / filter bits to different areas.

IM tabs should show a very faded version of the others profile image/s.


IDEAS -

Internal window manager.
------------------------

Write my own, use ePhysics.  Hopefully ePhysics has some sort of
magnetism / attraction thingy.  See the forces demo, should be doable. 
Collision restraints and impulses?

See if Evas allows detaching stuff from one canvas and adding it to
another canvas.  This allows things like tearing off tabs from windows,
tearing off sub menus, and switching windows between internal and
external windows, without having to entirely recreate the UI stack
within.  Hmm, think this is what swallow / unswallow is all about. 
Think that only covers stuff in the same Evas though.  Not sure this can
be done currently.

An internal window has a title bar, with a centered title, and the usual
widgets.  The title part is split into three, if you grab and drag from
the middle bit, it moves as normal.  If you grab and drag from the
others, it dangles from that corner as you move it.  ePhysics magnetism
can be used for the usual "snap to nearby window" thingy.

Grabbing and flicking a window means it will move as a physics object,
bouncing off stuff until it looses enough energy to stick magnetically
to something, or lay on the bottom.

Minimised windows could be small transparent ePhysics buttons showing
just the title.  Can be dragged, flicked, or maybe double clicked to
open.  Right click for menu as usual.

Windows need title bar, close, minimize, and if they are resizable,
resize grab edges/corners, and bottom right corner resize.  Some need
menus.  They need to remember their size, position, minimized state,
closed state.  Try to put top toolbar style widgets in the title, and /
or menus.  Have the toolbar "Menu" flip down on hover.  Also add the
"tear out of window" widget for making an internal window external,
again with drag and drop or widget to bring them back in again.

All tabs should be tear off?  All menus are.  Currently menus reattach
when you close their windows.  Currently tabs re attach when you click
on their tear off button again.  Hmmm, maybe should re attach both if you
drag and drop them?  With some sort of quivering with anticipation
effect when they are in the drop zone?  Menu window can start to shrink
towards their origin menu when dragged close.  Dragging the tab button
should tear them off.  Though they currently can be dragged to re
arrange them, so that will be dragging them in the other axis then I
guess?  Tearing off should have some sort of rip and wobble effect,
maybe an ePhysics soft body?

Windows like the edit window should do like Elm toolbars when resized
too small, low priority widgets shrink down to a "More.." button.

Optional hover focus on windows, maybe even on some widget types. 
Focused windows should be not quite as transparent as unfocused ones. 
Allow control over transparency levels (press on scroll wheel and wiggle it?).

Current windows use the horrid "click anywhere to focus and raise", should have an
option for proper layering.  :-P

